go records
I'm a peugeot 408 affordable car from
peugeot specially adapted for
Russian market and Quentin
and women Katya decided today to find out in
what are these adaptations and went to
test drive in a country track
Sedan 408 is positioned as a folk
Russian car especially
prepared for our country
machine specifically for Russia is by
peugeot versions
factory crankcase protection large
key clearance
lockable from central locking
reinforced heated seats and heating
washer nozzles
408 landscapes a la rus does not look white
crows and although not so simple he
massive but not bulky
laconic but not exactly a collective farmer like
countryman
Logan or his brother's symbol is true
peugeot and more expensive will be thousands of one hundred
two hundred so not quite to compare
it is appropriate but also cheap peugeot 408
call though the nuance is that for 600
you get quite a lot of cars
and they are a hatchback stump which world
competitors strictly speaking sedan
dimensions beyond the golf class
which stands interior is arranged
almost flawlessly all plastic up
whom you can reach soft very
nice as a huge yoga mat
glass and beveled console visually
well salon right
open spaces
this budget sedan is awesome
insulation few of its competitors
can boast such silence in the cabin
serious lack of entailing glossy
instrument dials
let peugeot 408
photo scene for russia but stereotypes about
Russian cars do not spread it
this is a big beautiful modern sedan
absolutely necessary list of options
what as a result of the exterior really
no complaints especially if you understand
2 modern french schools for
complete the image you just need to change
punching with caps
on a more presentable wheel motor 16
yes small
for urban voyages and long-distance duty
Cove it enough butt
but to get another buy
the car in the work of the machine complaints like
it would be no yes and expense on computer 10
liters says that aggregate
engine suitable box but the most
the main thing is what you think inside yes
it is really spacious and very
soft
and